Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
If I don't make it...
There's something
I want you to know, Allanon.
I wish that when you rode into
Shady Vale all those years ago,
I wish that I had pointed you
in the opposite direction.
That was not a choice
for you nor I to make.
I did not choose Shea's destiny for him.
Or Wil's for that matter.
Their destinies chose them
even before they were born.
So this is mine.
My destiny.
Some are born for sacrifice.
To hell with you, Allanon!
All you have ever brought my family
is misery and heartbreak.
I pray that you're not the last thing
I see before I leave this world.
- Synced and corrected by Shazi89 -
- www.addic7ed.com -
You're not from Barkroot?
And this...
This thing is what brought you here?
It brought us to you.
So that you could help us find
something. Something very important.
He's telling you the truth.
That I'm some sort of "Shannara?"
That is the most ridiculous
thing I've ever heard.
Shea, you come from a chosen line.
I'm a nobody. A farm hand.
You're the furthest thing from a nobody.
You save the Four Lands.
I do?
Which is why the Mord Wraiths
are chasing you.
A month from now the Warlock
Lord will declare war.
But you fight back.
You don't let 'em win.
I'm sorry. Wrong guy.
There's a darkness coming
and you have to be ready for it.
You sound like my brother, Flick.
The Four Lands is about
to face a great evil
- and you are the one who stands up...
- Stop!
- Shea...
- I can't defend anything.
I can't even defend myself.
Or my love for Heady...
I'm not this "Shannara" guy
that you're looking for
and I am most definitely not a hero.
I get it.
I said the exact same thing
when the time came for me to...
I don't believe any of this.
When you were little there was a summer
when the crops failed
and food was scarce.
You found a rabbit
in your mother's snare.
It was enough to make a stew
to feed your family, but,
you couldn't stop looking in its eyes.
And so you made sure nobody was around
and then you set it free.
I've never told anyone that.
Not yet, you haven't.
The Four Lands is going to depend on you
and now the future does, too.
I need your help.
Someone's life depends on it.
And what if I'm not ready?
I asked a Druid the same question once.
But I've learned that
fate waits for no man.
When? A Druid?
I'm gonna let that part be a surprise.
The wraiths will come back for him.
Shea, you were meant for
bigger things than this farm.
But if the Mord Wraiths are already
looking for you, you aren't safe.
We need to get you into hiding.
And what if they do find me?
What is it that they want?
They want you dead.
You're sure you want to do this?
Go through with this marriage?
My mother wants
to take control of Arborlon.
The only way to stop her
is to make her believe
she's getting what she wants.
Once our kingdoms have joined,
Tamlin will have no
choice but to back you.
To back us.
And together
we can defeat the Crimson and
bring peace to The Four Lands.
What about Eretria?
To choose a marriage
of convenience over love.
This is the only way
to make sure that she's safe.
Lyria, if we do this we have
to be friends and partners.
No secrets. No lies.
Agreed.
You have my word.
Our people come first.
So what do you say?
I say you're gonna make
one hell of a queen.
The Warlock Lord's power
was once unmatched.
If he is reborn,
then he will use anything
within his reach to reclaim that power.
I would never help him. You know that!
You might not be able to resist.
So you're saying that I'm
doomed to be his puppet?
I'm saying
that your power makes you an integral
part of what is going to unfold.
Be that as a vessel of darkness or
a protector of all that is good.
What can I do?
Get prepared for what's to come.
The greatest battle you'll face
is within you.
You could end up being all that stands
between the Warlock
Lord and Heaven's Well.
If he corrupts the Well,
then Human,
Elf, Gnome, all living things
will be consumed by darkness.
At least we don't have
to swim in this time.
You've been here before?
It's a perfect hiding spot.
Is there anywhere in here where
you might have hidden something?
You mean the thing you're looking for?
Are you gonna tell me what it is?
It's a skull.
A skull?
I don't know anything about any skull.
We're running out of time. My
uncle won't last much longer.
We know the skull is hidden
somewhere in Shady Vale, right?
I mean, why else would the time
portal have brought us here?
We just need to keep
following the clues.
Except the only clue
we found so far is...
I told you. I don't know
anything about a skull.
Please. Try and remember.
It's a matter of life and death.
Has anyone unusual, anyone at all,
come through Shady Vale lately?
Other than you two? Not a soul.
Anything out of the ordinary?
Look, I want to help you.
I do, but I have to go.
I have to meet Heady at
the Solstice Festival.
You can't, it's too dangerous.
But we've entered
a scarecrow in the competition.
We've been working on it
together for months.
Scarecrow competition?
You really need to rethink
your seduction techniques.
That'll teach you
to mess with Wil Ohmsford.
We need to check the scarecrow.
You think a future
him went all the way back in time
to hide the skull in a scarecrow?
So far that's the only hunch I have.
Hey. You.
Wait here, we'll be back.
No. I'm coming with you.
Heady's heart is set on winning
- and if we don't go...
- You can't go!
I have to go, if we don't win this...
You do win, okay?
You win the damn competition
and Heady tells her father
that she's in love with you.
I've heard the story my whole life.
How could you know that?
And what do you mean, your whole life?
Who are you?
I'm your son.
Make sure the Elven Ambassador
is situated at the front.
This wedding will be the first
to bring our people together
and no one can appear to be slighted.
The bride and groom.
To what do I owe the pleasure
of your presence?
Diplomatic relations.
The time has come
to eradicate the Crimson,
and General Riga, once and for all.
We'd like your support.
Of course.
Consider my weapons stores
at your full disposal.
We need a brigade
of Leah soldiers as well.
It's "we" now?
My, how things have changed.
Your Majesty.
It appears the East Wing of the palace
was breached last night by the Crimson.
They tunneled in with explosives and
broke out the prisoner, Valcaa.
Ten of our men were killed.
Consider three brigades
at your service, King Ander.
Thank you, Your Highness.
Or, should I call you "Mother"?
"Your Highness" will suffice.
It's time to end this.
Bring me Garet Jax.
None of these are the one.
Are you sure?
Positive. I'd know it anywhere.
Have either of you seen Shea?
The judging is about to start.
Uh, sorry. No, we haven't.
Wait, Heady, I could've sworn I saw
another scarecrow out here earlier.
It had a green vest, wooden buttons.
The Ohmsford Scarecrow.
It's out in the south field
just beyond the pond.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
If they don't make it back,
we're both gonna die in here.
You know that, right?
The longer we stay, the weaker we get.
It's kind of poetic really.
You know, if I'm being honest,
you're the closest thing
I've ever had to a father.
How tragic is that?
And what about the Warlock Lord?
Do you think he has
the answers you seek?
He will betray you.
It's not too late, Bandon.
You're yet to cross
the threshold into darkness.
You can still be saved.
By who? You?
I'll take my chances
with the Warlock Lord.
That is a decision
you will live to regret.
It's not like you to give up so easily.
What's wrong, Allanon?
Stay away.
You look older.
Weaker.
Time itself has begun to consume you.
I knew something was different.
You're dying, aren't you?
Even a Druid's life must end.
- It's not here.
- Are you sure?
It's not here, Wil.
It was not a good hunch.
But I doubt Allanon and Shea
would've hidden the skull
where it could be so easily found.
You're right. I guess.
That's it! The scarecrow is the clue.
Wil, I told you it's not in there.
Not in. Under.
You think they'd bury it in a cornfield?
And even if they had,
wouldn't they have just taken
us here in present day?
Of course it would.
But this, it isn't a field anymore.
It's a lake.
My mom always talked about how
the week after she and my dad,
won the competition
the dam upstream burst.
Half the Ohmsford's fields
were permanently flooded.
They almost lost everything.
Everything except the
old scarecrow Flick
found down river on his way home.
So, if the portal brought us here now...
We'd be ten feet underwater.
It's the perfect hiding spot.
All right.
The hem isn't right.
It needs to be perfect.
This is all wrong. Start over.
I kind of like it.
Who's wearing the dress, you or Lyria?
Leave us.
You got here quickly.
I know what happens to people
that keep you waiting.
I'd like to stay pretty.
What's the job  du jour?
General Riga.
That's quite the reversal.
I thought you two were tight.
Where's your loyalty, Your Highness?
Coming from the man who measures
his loyalty in gold.
General Riga has outlived
his usefulness.
And what exactly was his "usefulness"?
Riga wants to eradicate magic users.
I'm in the weapons business
and magic is bad for business
Plus, I needed Arborlon unstable
to secure Lyria her king.
A real win-win.
But now he's over-reached
and his ambitions need to be clipped.
I'd love to help,
but the General's holed
up in his fortress.
And I've already
made it out of there once.
Only a fool would tempt fate again.
He's not in Graymark.
Today, he sent word for me
to meet him at this location.
Clandestine trysts with fanatical Elves.
You've really lowered your standards.
I want him handled.
Consider him dead.
Shea? We found the skull.
Where is he?
- Shea?
- He's gone, Wil.
He probably went to the
festival to meet up with Heady.
He was supposed to stay put!
Like you would listen
to two time travelers
from the future rather than your heart.
If the Mord Wraiths get to him...
- We can't let that happen.
- He won't survive.
He doesn't have
the Elfstones yet. Come on!
Think you're gonna need
a few more bodyguards, General.
Where's Tamlin?
She's done with you.
Thinks you've become...
How did she phrase it?
"Ineffective."
Why are you helping her?
When you and I, Jax...
we're no different.
You're a soldier who's lost good men.
Save the speech, General.
There's nothing you can say
that'll change the outcome here.
So, you're just going to kill me?
That's the plan.
Valcaa? Thought your
miserable ass was locked up.
Oh, I wouldn't miss this.
Tamlin will pay for her betrayal.
Take care of him.
Heady!
Heady, wait.
What do you want?
I'm sorry I got upset.
The thought of losing you
just sent me over the edge.
Can you please forgive me?
Oh, God.
Shea!
Shannara!
No!
This wasn't supposed to happen.
Let's get him into the barn.
Is he gonna be okay?
He's lost a lot of blood.
Wil's a trained healer.
He's in good hands.
It's a miracle.
Try magic.
But then he should be good as new.
I will never forget
what you've done for us.
You and Shea are not gonna have
an easy road.
Together you'll have
a lot of tough challenges.
Because his destiny, it carries
with it tremendous responsibility.
And a whole host of trouble that
he won't always handle well.
He'll need you.
But as long as you remember
how much you love him,
there's nothing you won't
be able to get through.
You're a special man, Wil.
Well,
I can't take all the credit.
I had an amazing mom.
She's the one who taught me...
Taught me how to be.
I thank her every day.
I'm going to
take my time and enjoy this.
Any last words?
Not off the top of my head.
How about you?
Cogline?
Where did you go?
You in here?
Wow. Remind me never to piss you off.
How'd you find me?
I'm a bounty hunter,
finding people is what I do.
What was that thing?
Guess it doesn't matter now.
What happened to you?
Had a little run-in with
General Riga and his friends.
Are you all right?
Ego's a bit bruised, but I'll live.
Tamlin sent me to kill Riga,
but that went south.
My bet is he'll go after the Queen.
We have to warn them.
Why do you think I'm here?
You're doing the right thing, Jax.
I'm not letting Riga get away with this.
Not on my watch.
I guess this is it.
We don't know how to thank you.
You don't have to thank me.
I'm just glad I was here to help.
We should really get going.
I wish you didn't have to go so soon.
I feel like I'm just starting
to get to know you.
Yeah. Me too.
I was wondering, uh...
I mean, I know how much I love Heady,
and we've always talked
about having kids.
What kind of father do I turn out to be?
You're gonna be a great one.
The very best any kid could ask for.
Well,
I figured I can't be
too much of a screw up
if I end up with a son like you.
Take care of yourself, Wil.
You too, Dad.
Be careful. Come on.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
You're a terrible liar.
What you did back there,
with your parents...
It was pretty amazing.
All in a day's work.
Don't sell yourself short.
Is that...
I'm looking for the Ohmsford Farm.
I'm Flick Ohmsford.
It's about a mile south.
Red barn. You can't miss it.
And so it begins.
Uncle Flick!
It's so good to see your face, Wil.
You hang in there.
He doesn't have much time.
The spell is reversible,
Wil, I swear it.
I only want what I came for.
Double cross me, and I'll kill you.
Let Bandon out. You said
Allanon taught you the incantation.
Wil, it's a mistake.
I'm sorry, there's no other way.
Mareth, don't.
Now, or Flick's gonna die.
Wil, are you sure?
You have to trust me, Mareth.
Mareth, you don't have to do this.
It's not too late.
Give me the skull.
Not until you heal him.
I want the skull first.
I told you, I'll keep my word.
Forgive me if I don't put
a lot of stock in that.
Every second you stall,
your uncle inches closer to death.
Pretty soon not even I
will be able save him.
Wil.
I love you, boy.
You're gonna pay.
The Sword of Shannara.
Shannara.
Impressive. Your magic is strong.
You should come with me.
Let the Warlock Lord train you.
He can make you more powerful.
And lose my soul in the process,
like you?
I think I'll pass.
Last chance. What do you choose?
I'm so sorry.
He helped raise me.
He never let me down.
This is how I repay him?
You did everything you could.
Flick knew exactly what he was doing.
It was his choice.
He didn't want you to have to
shoulder that burden.
Yet here we are.
We need to talk about your visions,
when you were fighting Bandon.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Stay out of my mind.
This is not only your truth, Wil.
It will affect all of us.
For the greater good.
I know.
What you saw in that was important.
Allanon.
He's been cut by
the Warlock Lord's blade.
Shall we begin?
Ander.
Your reign of terror ends today, Riga.
Princess!
You don't deserve that crown!
I'm gonna end this royal line!
No!
- Synced and corrected by Shazi89 -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org